README.md, before:

# Worldthreader Mod

This project is a free and open-source Minecraft mod which optimizes the processing of multiple dimensions, by ticking
dimensions in parallel on one thread each. Thread safety of operations like teleporting between dimensions or executing
commands which affect another dimension is ensured. After each tick the dimensions wait for each other to ensure that
all dimensions run at the same speed to avoid breaking interdimensional timing sensitive redstone contraptions. More
work is required on thread-safe updating game rules, scoreboards, the world border and similar shared data.

The mod works on both the **client and server**, and **does not** require the mod to be installed on both sides.

### Downloads

You can find downloads for Worldthreader on
the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/2No2Name/worldthreader/releases).

### Installing

Install the  [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use). Select Fabric for either the Minecraft launcher (client) or the
dedicated server (server). Once you have installed Fabric, move the`Worldthreader.jar`and the`Fabric-API.jar`into
the`/mods`folder generated by Fabric.

---

### Configuration

##### Worldthreader can be enabled/disabled:
- `/gamerule dimthread_active <true/false>` enables/disables the mod

### FAQ

##### Does the mod change Vanilla behaviour?

Worldthreader aims to conserve vanilla-parity in most points. Behavior that is based on the timing

##### Can my dimensions get de-synchronized?

As stated above this is **NOT** the case. Worldthreader will always synchronize the dimensions it threads with each
other, setting the overall MSPT to the slowest individual dimension.

##### Are dimension counts above 3 supported?

Yes.

##### Can I use Worldthreader if I have fewer threads on my CPU than dimensions?

Yes, but that will reduce the performance.

##### How is the compatibility with other mods?

Compatibility issues with other mods will be very common. Often these issues cannot be fixed by this mod, but instead
the other mods have to adjust. The author of Worldthreader is willing to cooperate and suggest changes to other mods for
compatibility.

##### What about older versions of Minecraft?

There is the DimThread mod which supports a few older versions: https://github.com/WearBlackAllDay/DimensionalThreading

---

### License

Worldthreader is licensed under MIT, a free and open-source license. For more information, please read
the [license file](https://github.com/2No2Name/worldthreader/blob/develop/LICENSE).

Commit message:

change: update to 1.19.3 and add threadsafe scoreboard

README.md, after:

# Worldthreader Mod

This project is a free and open-source Minecraft mod which optimizes the processing of multiple dimensions, by ticking
dimensions in parallel on one thread each. Thread safety of operations like teleporting between dimensions or executing
commands which affect another dimension is ensured. After each tick the dimensions wait for each other to ensure that
all dimensions run at the same speed to avoid breaking interdimensional timing sensitive redstone contraptions. More
work is required on thread-safe updating game rules, scoreboards, the world border and similar shared data.

The mod works on both the **client and server**, and **does not** require the mod to be installed on both sides.

### Downloads

You can find downloads for Worldthreader on
the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/2No2Name/worldthreader/releases).

### Installing

Install the  [Fabric Loader](https://fabricmc.net/use). Select Fabric for either the Minecraft launcher (client) or the
dedicated server (server). Once you have installed Fabric, move the`Worldthreader.jar`and the`Fabric-API.jar`into
the`/mods`folder generated by Fabric.

---

### Configuration

##### Worldthreader can be enabled/disabled:

- `/gamerule dimthread_active <true/false>` enables/disables the mod

### FAQ

##### Does the mod change Vanilla behaviour?

Worldthreader aims to conserve vanilla-parity in most points.

Behavior that is based on the timing of entities going through portals might be delayed by a gametick when the entity is
leaving the overworld. However `/gamerule worldthreader_teleported_entity_additional_tick` ticks entities which are not
teleporting to the overworld once after being placed in the world. This should allow them to catch up on the tick they
missed out on. However this happens at the end of the tick, meaning that no other mobs or pistons were able to push or
damage the entity in that tick, because it hasn't been there yet.

Interdimensional commands in command blocks or shared scoreboard accesses from different dimensions can be observed to
be in a different order, since there are no interdimensional ordering guarantees within a single gametick for
interdimensional commands. The order of commands within one dimension stays the same as vanilla.

##### Can my dimensions get de-synchronized?

As stated above this is **NOT** the case. Worldthreader will always synchronize the dimensions it threads with each
other, setting the overall MSPT to the slowest individual dimension.

##### Are dimension counts above 3 supported?

Yes.

##### Can I use Worldthreader if I have fewer threads on my CPU than dimensions?

Yes, but that will reduce the performance.

##### How is the compatibility with other mods?

Compatibility issues with other mods will be very common. Often these issues cannot be fixed by this mod, but instead
the other mods have to adjust. The author of Worldthreader is willing to cooperate and suggest changes to other mods for
compatibility.

##### What about older versions of Minecraft?

There is the DimThread mod which supports a few older versions: https://github.com/WearBlackAllDay/DimensionalThreading

---

### License

Worldthreader is licensed under MIT, a free and open-source license. For more information, please read
the [license file](https://github.com/2No2Name/worldthreader/blob/develop/LICENSE).
